You think she got 'im? Or nah?
Beat, look.
This is 777's choker.
[gasps]
This place, it's an underpass.
Is it Miyashita Park?
Where did Beat go?
Can't be too far.
[NEKU]
Huh?
Was there some kind
of accident here?
Anybody home?
[BEAT gasps]
[BEAT] Sorry. Didn't
know you were awake.
Well, now that we're both up,
let's sort out a game plan.
Maybe we'll find her today.
That'd be nice.
Okay, you're acting
really weird. What's up?
Heh. That obvious?
Guess I can tell you.
Probably won't get
a better time to talk.
[RHYME]
Beat, wait!
Come on! Don't be like this!
He'll understand if you explain
where you're coming from.
I ain't gotta explain nothin'
to that hard‐headed,
close‐minded old man.
Haste makes waste!
And you're acting
way too hasty here!
[BEAT]
Can it! Just leave me alone.
Beat, please.
[WOMAN A]
Watch out!
[crash]
[gasps]
Rhyme!
Me and Rhyme were both hit
by a car and died here.
Wha‐‐?
[BEAT] I ain't strong
enough to stop a car, yo.
And that was our ticket
to the Underground.
I am so sorry, man.
Rhyme wasn't like me.
She had a future
and plenty of dreams.
If I'd listened to her
and turned back,
she never would've died.
But 'cause she had to have a
stupid loser brother like me...
Brother?
Yeah. Rhyme is my,
or was, my little sis.
No way.
It's nice to meet you.
Wait. Have we met before?
Don't think so.
Every memory she had
of me was suddenly gone.
Bet that was because
of her entry fee.
Said she remembered having
a brother when she was alive,
but that's it.
Details like his face and
name were just one big blur.
I mean, talk about
sick jokes, man.
But still, I agreed to make
a Partner Pact with her.
I psyched myself up
thinkin' that I might
actually keep her safe.
Then, Rhyme bein' Rhyme,
wound up savin' me.
She's felt the pain of death
twice‐‐both times were my fault.
Come on, man.
Beat, you jumped in
front of a car for her.
And when she talked
about her brother,
it didn't sound like she held
any resentment for him.
You want more proof?
Your entry fee is something
you really care about.
Think it's fair to say
she cares quite a bit
if they took her
memories of you.
I dunno 'bout that.
[BEAT] What I do know is she
was too nice for her own good.
Lookin' out for others
was just what she did.
Even helped stubborn
dumbasses like me.
Ahh. I see.
Can't fix dumb. And that's
no doubt what you are.
This really the
time for insults?
Just saying I'm lucky is all.
You told the Reapers to shove
it and made a pact with me.
Not the smartest move.
Before I got to the Underground,
I couldn't care less
about what people thought
of me or did for me.
Not anymore.
Now, when I see someone stick
their neck out for my sake,
I feel like I've got no
choice but to trust them.
They set me up
to fail this week,
but you still helped me.
It was dumb. Yet I trust in
those idiotic instincts.
Heh. There has gotta be
a better way to put that.
It's a compliment. Honest.
You do you.
Dumb Beat is best Beat.
I'm smart enough to know this:
You're absolutely right.
I am feelin' pumped!
Ain't no one gonna stop
me from savin' Rhyme
and bringin' her back to life,
and I mean nobody!
Yo, Neku! I owe you yet again!
[NEKU]
No worries, yo.
Now let's go get Rhyme back.
For sure! And don't
forget Shiki!
We got this!
Yeah.
[BEAT] Our "game plan" can be
to take out all the Reapers
that get in our way while
we look for Ironface!
That's a horrible game plan!
Way to ruin the moment!
We're gonna have to try and be
more stealthy going forward.
[NEKU]
We're the sole two Players,
and the Reapers are out
for blood this week.
If we make a scene and they call
for backup, it won't be pretty.
We'll stick to using keypins.
Think of 777.
Let's not waste his gift.
[BEAT]
Yeah, good point.
This way.
Huh. The crowd's usually
much bigger here.
Maybe there's an event
goin' on somewhere else.
Well, so much for our
blending‐in strategy.
Hide!
[SUPPORT REAPER A] I haven't
seen 'em anywhere. Have you?
[SUPPORT REAPER B] I thought
I saw a kid with a headset
a second ago,
but then I lost him.
I'll check over on Route Three.
[SUPPORT REAPER A]
Gotcha.
We're gettin' nowhere.
Yo, the Reapers are bound to
know where she's holed up,
so I say we grab
one and scan 'im.
Reapers are immune
to that power.
We can only scan people that're
in the RG. Nice try, though.
[NEKU gasps]
It's gonna be rough
without any clues, yo.
Plus, how're we s'posed to
seek if we're also hidin'?
That felt... interesting.
What's wrong?
Get a quick case of gas?
I can't scan. It's not working.
Wha‐‐? Try again, yo.
Everyone here's alive.
They were probably
spacing out, man.
It wasn't like that.
Kinda hard to explain.
She was just... empty.
Any luck?
It didn't let me read a thing.
I figured.
What gives?
[NEKU]
I'm not sure.
Hey, yo! Check it out!
Check what out?
Over there! Her hat!
[NEKU]
A Red Skull pin.
Now that I'm lookin' around,
I'm seein' a whole
lot more of 'em.
It's like an army
of red polka dots.
Is it the pins?
Hey, I ain't positive, but they
were designed by CAT, right?
Uh‐huh?
So then, CAT's
most likely the one
who made the Player pins, too.
All that's different between
them are the colors.
And Player pins have the
same scan‐stoppin' power.
I remember that from
the first day we met.
Which means, if the Red
Skull pins are the reason
we can't scan any
of these people,
they must've been created
by the same guy.
According to Mister H,
the Composer's the one who
makes and controls those.
Who is CAT? Why's he
gotta be analogous, yo?
Yep. Mister H is really CAT.
[NEKU] That's ridiculous.
It can't be him.
If it were, Joshua wouldn't have
been looking for the Composer.
Let's leave it. Finding
Konishi comes first.
[BEAT]
Yeah, good call!
[sighs]
Why the long face?
Konishi's "special mission"
bumming you out?
That's what you get for being
such an overachiever.
Will you just shut your face?!
There's nothing wrong
with wanting a promotion!
Who cares if you're
a big shot or not?
They don't do anything
but lounge around.
Not exactly what I'd
classify as "fun."
Unlike you,
I am on the edge of something
much bigger here!
Hmm... I dunno.
I wouldn't count your
chickens before they've‐‐
Anyway, the last thing I'm gonna
do is let Miss Konishi think
I bit off more than I can chew!
It's time to go to work,
so get it together!
[NEKU]
You see that?
Looks like a new Noise
emporium just opened.
[MAN A] C'mon, man.
All I want's a Red Skull pin!
I'm so sorry, sir.
We already finished
giving them out today.
What're they gripin' about?
Makin' Noise in more
ways than one.
They keep multiplying
because they're feeding
on all the negative emotions.
[BEAT gasps]
Yo! Dude, look!
At what?
[BEAT] Ain't that Shiki? What's
she doing in the Realground?
[NEKU] Oh, no.
That's actually her friend.
Shiki only looked like her
'cause her appearance
was her entry fee.
That is so confusing,
but let's help her anyway.
There's no end to them!
Phones! Pick it up!
Where you at, yo?
I'm there!
Yeah! Gimme some skin! Up top!
[BEAT chuckles]
[MAN A]
Guess that's that.
[WOMAN C]
I'll come back tomorrow.
There might be another place in
Shibuya that has them for sale.
You never know.
[MAN B]
Very true.
Have to come back another day.
Hopefully they'll be in stock.
These pins're so popular
it's weird to not have one.
Maybe next time.
[YASHIRO]
Ugh, what's with you losers?
Huh?
Must be confident if you boys
are having erasing sprees
in your free time.
Instead of fighting against
the Noise, though,
I think you should be
fighting for a Noise!
[BEAT]
Rhyme!
[YASHIRO]
We have a bonus round mission,
and I expect you
both to play along.
If we participate in your
little "bonus round,"
you'll return Rhyme
to us unharmed?
Happy to see you catch on quick.
So what do you guys want us
to do? Spit it out already!
[BOTH]
So glad you asked, Freshmeat.
[phone buzzing]
All right, let's go!
Bring it, assholes!
[NEKU yells]
Jeez. Why'd you scream?
Oh. Sorry 'bout that.
I was stoked 'cause our bonus
round mission came in.
[KARIYA] Our mission
for you is to fight us.
All we gotta do is beat
Pinky and Lollipop,
then Rhyme's as good as saved!
Wow, it's so straightforward.
[BEAT]
Lollipop's one tough customer,
so be ready, aight?
Don't get cocky 'cause you
won two games in a row.
The only reason he's a small fry
is 'cause he likes it that way.
You're too nice. Who are you?
What've you done with Beat?
[BEAT]
What the heck?
Look, man! Just be vegetant!
Sure.
Nice! Then let's get goin'!
Wait! Where?
The text didn't specify.
[BEAT]
It didn't have to.
Every Reaper in the game
has a place they hang out
and watch Players.
[NEKU]
And their turf is?
[BEAT]
Scramble Crossing!
[NEKU]
What now?
Where are they?
Huh?
You finally showed up.
Good thing I stretched.
Been ages since
I actually tried.
Then let's make
this extra special!
[NEKU]
The people and cars.
Here we go!
[BEAT]
Bring it, yo!
[BEAT laughs]
Shred this!
If you only focus on her,
you're gonna lose.
[BEAT]
Quit hoggin', Phones!
Ready or not, here I come!
[BEAT yells]
[KARIYA] Ah. That was almost
too close for comfort.
I think you might've grown
in the last few days.
Uzuki.
Bye‐bye, Freshmeat.
Seriously? You ruined
the best part!
Ugh! Stay still
so I can shoot you!
It's not that hard!
[gasps]
[NEKU, BEAT scream]
Unfriendly reminder:
Keep your guards up!
Damn. You good, Phones?
Yeah.
They're strong,
but then, so are we.
Right.
Is that water?
Refreshing, don'cha think?
Yo, let's start it up!
No. Let's end it!
That attack wasn't
in the report!
Maybe next time don't
take us for fools!
I'd hold my breath
if I were you!
Now give Rhyme back to me.
[KARIYA] Bravo. Let's have
a big hand for the winners.
We both surrender.
And what's more, here's
your prize, as promised.
Uh! Hold on!
You're okay!
[RHYME NOISE chirps]
She's gone!
Hey! What the hell?
Thought that would happen.
'Course you did! You planned
this from the start!
[YASHIRO]
No! That wasn't a trick!
I swear, Miss Konishi
herself entrusted us
‐‐with your entry fee!
‐‐[KARIYA sighs]
I would say the ones who got
tricked here are Uzuki and me.
She used us to buy time. We're
just disposable in her eyes.
Are you for real?
Oh, well. That's
what minions are.
[YASHIRO]
Not this minion!
I'm sick of always
being treated like this!
Being on the bottom rung
of this ladder sucks!
And another thing!
I know they were
going to promote you,
but you turned them down!
Is it 'cause you felt bad
for me or something?
Being an officer is
a fate worse than death.
I like the field. Shibuya's
really grown on me over time.
You can feel the pulse out here.
People changing with the city.
I like to view those changes
from the audience.
Being a stargazer, if you will.
And besides,
if I were an officer,
how would I go
about suckering you
into buying me the best
cuisine in this ward?
Our mealtime means a lot to me.
Like, whatever.
Are you two done?
Yeah. Start telling us where
Rhyme is right the hell now!
My guess? In the Iron
Maiden's grasp.
Well, I'm sorry
we put you through
all that stress for nothing.
Here, this should
make up for it.
[BEAT gasps]
[BEAT]
A Reaper keypin?
Have fun.
You officially have access to
the same things as a bigwig.
Good luck getting
your friends back.
[BEAT]
Yo, Mister Kariya.
"Mister"? Why'd
you get so formal?
Ironface might have
it out for you!
The last Reaper who gave
us a keypin got earsed,
so don't wind up bein' next!
He has a point. Be careful.
Heh. I appreciate
the advice, guys.
We'll be sure to keep our
eyes peeled. Right, Uzuki?
[YASHIRO]
Hmph!
Not that we need
them to tell us.
[KARIYA]
Welp, see ya later.
[BEAT]
Tomorrow's the day
we give Ironface
her crust desserts!
[NEKU]
Just desserts.
Dude! You ain't psyched‐up
enough! Get loud!
Really pull from deep down
in your gut! Like this!
We... will... win!
We'll win...
[YASHIRO]
Hey.
Why'd you let them have
that keypin, Kariya?
Miss Konishi will slash more
than our salaries if she knows.
Uzuki, don't you feel it?
Feel what?
How this ward is breaking.
It's turning homogeneous.
Now that you mention it,
Shibuya's usual cacophony of
thoughts has quieted way down.
[KARIYA]
Yeah.
The jumbled ideas of the
people are slowly but surely
focusing into a single
point in the city.
I just hope that point isn't a
period marking this as the end.
[YASHIRO gasps]
What's wrong?
No clue. I just‐‐
Uzuki! Hey! What's hurting?
[groans]
Konishi.
[KONISHI] I see the O‐Pins' side
effects have begun to show.
It appears more good men
will be killed in action.
So then, was this
one of your forecasts?
What's going on in
Mister Kitaniji's mind?
Why is the Composer choosing
to leave those on the loose?
I need more data.
Every good strategy
demands hard facts.
Shit! I won't!
[KARIYA screams]
[HANEKOMA] The fundamentals
of the design are no good.
[HANEKOMA]
Looks like this is all I can do.
We'll see what happens.
[HANEKOMA]
God only knows what comes next.
[screams]
[NEKU] Next time: "The Countless
Wrongs of Our Day."